I am trying to test this plugin new version. 
As far as I have seen from previous releases there is a feature I miss and that made me develop my own plugins to manage it. 
What I would need is to: 
1) Get movie information from Italian Language online databases/websites, like www.mymovies.it 
2) Combine information from different movie databases. For example, IMDB source is for sure much more complete and reliable than any other, but if I want the short and long overview in Italian I need to get these information from another source. Moreover, my movies titles are in Italian so I first have to convert them in english and then go to IMDB to get the information. 

What I actually did is: 
1) first "translate" the title by getting the "originaltitle" information from my italian source (www.movies.it) 
2) then I use moviemee importer to get the info from IMDB (I didn't want to include its code in my plugin since I don't want to be oblied to fix it when IMDB html pages change...) 
3) then I use my plugin again to get the info from the www.mymovies.it italian site. I have to do it after 2) becouse otherwise info grabbed will be overwritten by moviemee. In this step actually I use not only www.mymovies.it but also another source www.35mm.it. This is becouse I want the short overview from one site and the longoverview from another. 

As you can see it is quite complex, but it would be quite easy if managed all by the same plugin. 
For example, one could set the importer field by field, setting up a list of "priorities" of online dbs for each field. 

Let's assume we have 3 different sources: A, B, C and 5 library fields F1, F2, F3, F4, F5. 
What I would like to do is, after having programmed the A, B, C grabber, choose the sources like these: 

Field F1 ---> source A, if A not available then source B, if A and B not available then source C 
Field F2 ---> source C, if C not available then source B, if C and B not available then source A 
Field F3 ---> source A, if A not available then source C, if A and C not available then source B 
Field F4 ---> source B, if B not available then source A, if B and A not available then source C 
Field F5 ---> source C, if C not available then source A, if C and A not available then source B 

and so on. 

What do you think about such a feature? 
I think all the international non english speaking community would be very grateful for it. 

Obviously it would be nice to have a modular approach to grabber like moviemee tried to do in the last releases, so that anyone can easily add and mantain sources. 
I am ready to contribute for the italian sources. 

This is just my 2c. Waiting for your opinion. 

Dakkar

